---
title: City Tins 2020 the pandemic year
date: 2024-06-09 08:00:00 -0600
description: Another pandemic thing.
categories: [Food and Drink]
tags: [pandemic,cooking,recipes,cocktail]  # TAG names should always be lowercase
image:   
   path: /assets/img/2020tin.webp
   alt:  round tin with Minneapolis landmarks on the label, it says "2020 Twin Cities Restaurant Edition"
---
<!-- excerpt -->
*25 City Tin coasters. 25 restaurants we won't visit.*

Four years later, still processing my pandemic sh*t. Not really. I am just moving notes and journal entries off a service I don't use anymore.

## The backstory

For Christmas 2019, I was gifted a City Tin. By spring 2020 it was quite clear we wouldn't be using those nifty little $10 off coasters. Even if we would ever go to a restaurant again, there was no way we would try to use a coupon.

Each week, we reviewed the menu of a restaurant selected by the little spinner and tried to recreate a dish and drinks at home. We tried our best to find the actual recipes. In some cases we punted.

## No 1. Friday, July 24. The Naughty Greek

Fast, casual. Locally-sourced Greek.

Menu: fried zucchini, chicken souvlaki on pitas with tzatziki. Fries. Baba ghanoush.

Drinks: grappa, white wine (Italian, not Greek)

## No 2. Friday, July 31. Dixie's on Grand

Classic Southern US.

Menu: Chicken and sausage gumbo, buttermilk biscuits.

Drinks: Shreveport sour, Sazerac, red wine


## No 3. Saturday, August 8. Nolo's/Basement Bar

American comfort.

Menu: The cheeseburger (double In N Out, animal style), fries with sauce

Drinks: Hearts of Fire (tequila, dry curaçao, lime, fresh jalapeño, grapefruit soda), Rosemary's Baby (Hendrick's, lime, honey, rosemary)

## No 4. Saturday, August 15. DeGidio's

Classic Italian.

Menu: Tomato bruschetta with house made ricotta*, chicken parm, deconstructed cannoli

Drinks: The Oldest Fashioned (bourbon, trinity bitters, City of Mpls aquifer), red blend (Spanish, not Italian, alas)

*Bonus: leftover ricotta used for Hell's Kitchen lemon ricotta hotcakes

## No 5. Thursday, August 20. Pourhouse

Sports bar and sausage factory.

Menu: philly sammies with house-smoked beef, pickles, chips

Drinks: better than rail pour G and T

Special guest: Julie

## No 6. Friday, September 4. Nico's Tacos

Inspired by Mexican street food.

Menu: pork el pastor tacos, roasted salsa and chips

Drinks: Nico's Pipino (tequila, cuke, lime, agave with added curaçao for marg flavor), Mexican Mule, Up in Smoke (tequila, smoke, bitters, curaçao), Country Style Paloma

## No 7. Monday, September 7. The Butcher & The Boar

American craft food, beer, bourbon.

Menu: Hungarian chicken with rice (recipe off their website vs menu, made with stuff on hand)

Drinks: [B&B old fashioned](#butcher--the-boar-old-fashioned)

## No 8. Friday, September 18. Brasa Rotisserie

Southern, Caribbean.

Menu: Mojo pork, green sauce (see recipes for recipe), cheddar grits

Drinks: Traditional red sangria

## No 9. Friday, September 25. Parlour/Borough

Contemporary American, cocktail bar.

Menu: Parlour burger (chuck, ribeye, white American cheese) + R&R mushrooms, fries with leftover green sauce

Drinks: Bourbon and cider (we didn't have any of the things to make their fancy cocktails)

## No 10. Thursday, October 6. Saji-Ya

Traditional Japanese.

Menu: Miso soup, shumai, miso ginger grilled salmon on sushi rice, Momo sushi rolls: Spicy Girl, Momo, Tibet Mt

Drinks: sake

Soup, dumplings, maki courtesy of Momo Sushi takeout.

## No 11. Thursday, October 15. The Sheridan Room

Contemporary casual and cocktails.

Menu: Bar nuts (Jeff's fragrant nuts), Mother Clucker (grilled chicken, green apple, brie, honey mustard on french bread)

Drinks: Shiner Octoberfest, whiskey old fashioned

## No 12 Friday, October 23. Eli's East

Contemporary casual and cocktails.

Menu: Chicken Marsala with buttermilk mashed potatoes

Drinks: Cider and bubble water, beer

Special guests: Summer and Vivian

## No 13. Saturday, October 31. P.S. Steak

"Millennial" steak house in the old La Belle Vie location.

Menu: Ribeye from Ready Meats with pommes Arigot (Gruyère, mozzarella, Tomme, chives)

Drinks: Smokey vodka martini and smokey old fashioned, Red Car Syrah (on their wine menu)

P.S. (ha!) A few years later, we went to P.S. Steak for a birthday dinner. My pommes Arigot were better.

## No 14. Saturday, November 14. Beast BBQ

Traditional BBQ.

Menu: Smoked fish cheese dip and Ritz crackers, smoked ribeye, baked potato

Drinks: Home 75 (with none of the correct ingredients), Logan Collins, wine

## No 15. Saturday, November 21. Emmett's

Traditional Irish pub (sister to Dixie's).

Menu: 696 brick press sandwiches (corned beef, pepperoncini, mustard, havarti, sriracha, and thousand island on a french roll), chips

Drinks: Mother's Ruin (with none of the correct ingredients), Rosewood Manhattan

## What about the other ten?
I don't know. We petered out, or got distracted by the holiday season and ran out of days in 2020. These years later, I can't recall. It makes me angry I don't keep a journal.

## Butcher & the Boar Old Fashioned

Ingredients
* 2 ounces B&B Knob Creek Single Barrel
* 1/2 house made Demerara syrup
* 3 dashes Angostura Bitters

Serve with an orange spritz.

## References
[City Tins](https://citytins.com/){:target="_blank" rel="noopener"}

_Photo from eBay_